Upgrade Guides 0.19, 1.0 and Pricing Guide (#701)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/guides/pricing.mdx

  });
  return res.status(response.status).end(response.body);
}
```

<Banner title="Using a secret key with authorization">
  To use the `authorize` method, you need to have your own back-end endpoint
  which handles authentication. Your Liveblocks dashboard contains the secret
  key required to use the `authorize` option.
</Banner>

### When calling the authorize API endpoint [#authorize-endpoint]

When calling the `authorize` endpoint directly with a secret key, the `userId`
is not required. However, should still include the `userId` in the request body
to take advantage of MAU pricing logic. Set the `Authorization: Bearer` header
to your secret key, then POST to the following endpoint:

```ts
POST https://api.liveblocks.io/v2/rooms/{roomId}/authorize
```

Set the following request body:

```ts highlight="2"
{
  "userId": "user123",
  "groupIds": [
    "g1",
    "g2"
  ],
  "userInfo": {
    "name": "bob",
    "colors": [
      "blue",
      "red"
    ]
  }
}
```

To learn more about authorization and authentication in your Liveblocks
application, check out our [Authentication guide](/docs/guides/authentication).

## How is MAU calculated when using a public key? [#public-key]

> To take advantage of Liveblocks 1.0 pricing without authorization, you must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To take advantage of Liveblocks 1.0 pricing with the public API key authorization, you must
```
